DEVELOPERS.md, before:

# Developers notes

## Continuous Integration
We're using CircleCI as our Continuous Integration server. It currently runs several jobs after each commit at github, to run lint and unit tests for 'components' and 'styles' (see `.circleci/config.yml` for more details).

### ⚠️ WARNING: Reference images for tests
CircleCI currently passes all checks. But it will fail when new *reference images* will be created for our tests. 

Follow these manual steps to fix the problem, as snapshots generated at local dev and remote-linux CircleCI machine may differ, and we want CircleCI ones to be the authoritative source:
- [x] comment img deletion from the test code (`//fs.unlinkSync(output);` LIN 29 from `/airship/packages/styles/src/test.js`)
- [x] commit & push, to force new CircleCI run
- [x] ssh connection to new docker machine generated for the job. See [ssh reference](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/ssh-access-jobs/) for troubleshooting.
- [x] download new `reference.png` img with scp:
    - You must connect with your 'github' credentials to the temporal machine for the job, using the IP AND port displayed by CircleCI Web console (let's assume ip is **52.90.13.2** and port is **64546**). To check the public key being used: `ssh -v -p 64546 52.90.13.2`
    - And then copy with something like `scp -P 64546 52.90.13.2:airship/packages/styles/src/button/img/button.png ./reference.png`

### CircleCI Tools for developers
CircleCI has a local CLI to run / test the jobs: See https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/local-cli/
To (locally) Run a single JOB: `circleci build --job JOB_NAME` eg:
`circleci build --job test-unit:components` or `circleci build --job test-unit:styles``

> It seems it is not possible (yet) to run locally the whole workflow

Commit message:

Add more detailed steps related to CircleCI image fix

DEVELOPERS.md, after:

# Developers notes

## Continuous Integration
We're using CircleCI as our Continuous Integration server. It currently runs several jobs after each commit at github, to run lint and unit tests for 'components' and 'styles' (see `.circleci/config.yml` for more details).


### ⚠️ WARNING: Reference images for tests
CircleCI currently passes all checks. But it will fail when new *reference images* will be created for our tests. 

Follow these manual steps to fix the problem, as snapshots generated at local dev and remote-linux CircleCI machine may differ, and we want CircleCI ones to be the authoritative source:
1. comment img deletion from the test code (`/airship/packages/styles/src/test.js` >> LIN 29: `//fs.unlinkSync(output);`)
2. commit & push, to force new CircleCI run
3. ssh connection to new docker machine generated for the job. See [ssh reference](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/ssh-access-jobs/) for troubleshooting.
4. download new image reference with **scp**:
    - You must connect with your *github credentials* to the temporal machine for the job, using the IP AND port displayed by CircleCI Web console (let's assume ip is **52.90.13.2** and port is **64546**). To check the public key being used: `ssh -v -p 64546 52.90.13.2`
    - And then copy with something like `scp -P 64546 52.90.13.2:airship/packages/styles/src/button/img/button.png ./reference.png`
5. commit the new image
6. uncomment the line in step 1.
7. commit both changes and push


### CircleCI Tools for developers
CircleCI has a local CLI to run / test the jobs: See https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/local-cli/
To (locally) Run a single JOB: `circleci build --job JOB_NAME` eg:
`circleci build --job test-unit:components` or `circleci build --job test-unit:styles``

> It seems it is not possible (yet) to run locally the whole workflow
