README.md, before:

# Airship
> Airship is a components library built by CARTO

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/CartoDB/airship/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/CartoDB/airship/tree/master)

There are two npm packages for easier use:


| module | status | version | description |
|---|---|---|---|
|  [airship-style](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@carto/airship-style) | ![status](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-in%20progress-orange.svg) | [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40carto%2Fairship-style.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40carto%2Fairship-style)| A complete CSS framework to build location intelligence apps. |
|  [airship-components](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@carto/airship-components) | ![status](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-in%20progress-orange.svg) | [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40carto%2Fairship-components.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40carto%2Fairship-components) | Web components for Location Intelligence apps. |
|  [airship-icons](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@carto/airship-icons) | ![status](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-in%20progress-orange.svg) | [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40carto%2Fairship-icons.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40carto%2Fairship-icons) | High quality icons set |

## ⚠️ WARNING ⚠️

We're currently changing the approach of Airship. After gathering feedback from several partners and users, we are recoding the widgets as Web Components and providing a CSS framework for layout and simple components. In our tests this has been easily integrated with React, Angular or vanilla and will help us to broaden our partners support. A React components-only library has not worked as well as we thought initially.

That means that this alpha version of Airship made with React is in [a stale branch](https://github.com/CartoDB/airship/tree/react-alpha) and no further development on React is expected. Feel free to fork that branch and make whatever change you need in case you need the widgets as React components.

Sorry for the inconveniences.

## License
BSD-3-Clause, see the included [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file.

Commit message:

add link to documentation on the README

README.md, after:

# Airship
> Airship is a components library built by CARTO

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/CartoDB/airship/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/CartoDB/airship/tree/master)

There are three npm packages for easier use:


| module | status | version | description |
|---|---|---|---|
|  [airship-style](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@carto/airship-style) | ![status](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-in%20progress-orange.svg) | [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40carto%2Fairship-style.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40carto%2Fairship-style)| A complete CSS framework to build location intelligence apps. |
|  [airship-components](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@carto/airship-components) | ![status](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-in%20progress-orange.svg) | [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40carto%2Fairship-components.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40carto%2Fairship-components) | Web components for Location Intelligence apps. |
|  [airship-icons](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@carto/airship-icons) | ![status](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-in%20progress-orange.svg) | [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40carto%2Fairship-icons.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40carto%2Fairship-icons) | High quality icons set |

## Documentation

The library is documented with [Catalog](https://www.catalog.style), check out our [documentation website](https://carto-airship.netlify.com/#/)

## ⚠️ WARNING ⚠️

We're currently changing the approach of Airship. After gathering feedback from several partners and users, we are recoding the widgets as Web Components and providing a CSS framework for layout and simple components. In our tests this has been easily integrated with React, Angular or vanilla and will help us to broaden our partners support. A React components-only library has not worked as well as we thought initially.

That means that this alpha version of Airship made with React is in [a stale branch](https://github.com/CartoDB/airship/tree/react-alpha) and no further development on React is expected. Feel free to fork that branch and make whatever change you need in case you need the widgets as React components.

Sorry for the inconveniences.

## License
BSD-3-Clause, see the included [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file.
