catalog/intro.md, before:

# Introduction
Airship is a set of tools designed to facilitate the development of location intelligence apps by offering layouts, basic patterns, templates, CSS classes, components, widgets and much more.

The set of tools is currently composed of three fundamental parts that can be used separately: A CSS framework, a series of web-components and a set of icons.

You will learn how to use Airship by walking through this reference which describes all the uses and possibilities of every element in the toolset.

Reference is divided into four main sections: Layout, Components, Styles, and Icons.

- [Layout](/developers/airship/reference/#/layout)
  Reference of all layout elements that will help you to create LI apps.


- [Components](/developers/airship/reference/#/components/category-widget)
  Reference of all Airship components to use within your application layout.


- [Styles](/developers/airship/reference/#/styles/avatar)
  Reference of CSS classes that you can use to craft UI elements within your application.


- [Icons](/developers/airship/reference/#/icons/icons)
  Reference of the Airship icon set.

Commit message:

Add guides link to intro.

catalog/intro.md, after:

# Introduction
Airship is a set of tools designed to facilitate the development of location intelligence apps by offering layouts, basic patterns, templates, CSS classes, components, widgets and much more.

The set of tools is currently composed of three fundamental parts that can be used separately: A CSS framework, a series of web-components and a set of icons.

You will learn how to use Airship by walking through this reference which describes all the uses and possibilities of every element in the toolset.

Check out [our guides](/developers/airship/guides/introduction) if you want to know more about how to import Airship, tutorials to get started or integration with frameworks, our mapping tools, and styling.

Reference is divided into four main sections: Layout, Components, Styles, and Icons.

- [Layout](/developers/airship/reference/#/layout)
  Reference of all layout elements that will help you to create LI apps.


- [Components](/developers/airship/reference/#/components/category-widget)
  Reference of all Airship components to use within your application layout.


- [Styles](/developers/airship/reference/#/styles/avatar)
  Reference of CSS classes that you can use to craft UI elements within your application.


- [Icons](/developers/airship/reference/#/icons/icons)
  Reference of the Airship icon set.
