packages/components/src/components/as-infowindow/README.md, before:

Use this component to show extra information about the data.

## Regular

```html
<as-infowindow>
  <h1 class="as-title">Cat</h1>
  <p>
    <span class="as-badge">mammal</span>
    <span class="as-badge as-bg--badge-pink">carnivorous</span>
  </p>
  <p class="as-body">
    The domestic cat is a small, typically furry, carnivorous mammal. They are often called house cats when kept as indoor pets or simply cats when there is no need to distinguish them from other felids and felines.
  </p>
</as-infowindow>
```

## With an image

```html
<as-infowindow src="http://on-desktop.com/wps/Animals___Cats_Black_Cat_Panther_043844_.jpg">
  <h1 class="as-title">Cat</h1>
  <p>
    <span class="as-badge">mammal</span>
    <span class="as-badge as-bg--badge-pink">carnivorous</span>
  </p>
  <p class="as-body">
    The domestic cat is a small, typically furry, carnivorous mammal. They are often called house cats when kept as indoor pets or simply cats when there is no need to distinguish them from other felids and felines.
  </p>
</as-infowindow>
```

## With only an image

```html
<as-infowindow src="http://on-desktop.com/wps/Animals___Cats_Black_Cat_Panther_043844_.jpg"></as-infowindow>
```

### Props

#### **src**: string
The url for the image shown at the top of the content.

Commit message:

Add css variables documentation to infowindow

packages/components/src/components/as-infowindow/README.md, after:

Use this component to show extra information about the data.

## Regular

```html
<as-infowindow>
  <h1 class="as-title">Cat</h1>
  <p>
    <span class="as-badge">mammal</span>
    <span class="as-badge as-bg--badge-pink">carnivorous</span>
  </p>
  <p class="as-body">
    The domestic cat is a small, typically furry, carnivorous mammal. They are often called house cats when kept as indoor pets or simply cats when there is no need to distinguish them from other felids and felines.
  </p>
</as-infowindow>
```

## With an image

```html
<as-infowindow src="http://on-desktop.com/wps/Animals___Cats_Black_Cat_Panther_043844_.jpg">
  <h1 class="as-title">Cat</h1>
  <p>
    <span class="as-badge">mammal</span>
    <span class="as-badge as-bg--badge-pink">carnivorous</span>
  </p>
  <p class="as-body">
    The domestic cat is a small, typically furry, carnivorous mammal. They are often called house cats when kept as indoor pets or simply cats when there is no need to distinguish them from other felids and felines.
  </p>
</as-infowindow>
```

## With only an image

```html
<as-infowindow src="http://on-desktop.com/wps/Animals___Cats_Black_Cat_Panther_043844_.jpg"></as-infowindow>
```

### CSS Variables

````
as-infowindow{
  --as--infowindow--color--background
  --as--infowindow--color--shadow
}
```

### Props

#### **src**: string
The url for the image shown at the top of the content.
