packages/styles/src/core/layout/toolbar/README.md, before:

### Toolbar

Toolbar is a generic bar that can be used as a header to put your application logo and some options to navigate throughout your application.

On mobile devices, the toolbar is always placed on top, but its position can be modified on desktop by using `left` or `right` modifiers in `as-app` styles.
  - `as-app--nav-left`: Push the toolbar to the left of the viewport. Add it to the `as-app` element.
  - `as-app--nav-right`: Push the toolbar to the right of the viewport. Add it to the `as-app` element.

```html
noSource: true
responsive: true
---
<iframe src="/examples/layouts/toolbar/toolbar.html" style="width: 100%; height: 100%;">
```

```code
lang: html
---
<body class="as-app">
  <header class="as-toolbar">
    <button onclick="_toggleDrawer()" class="as-toolbar__item as-toolbar__toggle">
      <i class="as-icon-hamburguer as-title as-m--0"></i>
    </button>

    <div class="as-toolbar__group">
      <div class="as-toolbar__item">
        <svg width="130px" height="36px" viewBox="0 0 92 36" version="1.1" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
          <g stroke="none" stroke-width="1" fill="none" fill-rule="evenodd">
            <g transform="translate(-162.000000, -282.000000)" fill="#FFFFFF">
              <g transform="translate(162.000000, 282.000000)">
                <path d="M74,36 C83.9411255,36 92,27.9411255 92,18 C92,8.0588745 83.9411255,0 74,0 C64.0588745,0 56,8.0588745 56,18 C56,27.9411255 64.0588745,36 74,36 Z" id="halo" fill-opacity="0.200000018" style="fill: #FFF;"></path>
                <path d="M6.25280899,23.981602 C8.76747566,23.981602 10.220757,22.882802 11.2984713,21.390402 L8.9144367,19.684802 C8.22861851,20.521202 7.52647133,21.078802 6.33445401,21.078802 C4.73421159,21.078802 3.60751029,19.734002 3.60751029,18.012002 L3.60751029,17.979202 C3.60751029,16.306402 4.73421159,14.928802 6.33445401,14.928802 C7.4284973,14.928802 8.1796315,15.470002 8.83279168,16.273602 L11.2168263,14.420402 C10.204428,13.026402 8.70215964,12.042402 6.36711202,12.042402 C2.9053631,12.042402 0.358038428,14.666402 0.358038428,18.012002 L0.358038428,18.044802 C0.358038428,21.472402 2.98700813,23.981602 6.25280899,23.981602 L6.25280899,23.981602 Z M16.732047,23.752002 L20.0468349,23.752002 L20.8632851,21.685602 L25.2884453,21.685602 L26.1048955,23.752002 L29.5013284,23.752002 L24.6352851,12.190002 L21.5817613,12.190002 L16.732047,23.752002 Z M21.7940384,19.209202 L23.0840297,15.962002 L24.357692,19.209202 L21.7940384,19.209202 Z M35.6697093,23.752002 L38.8375361,23.752002 L38.8375361,20.275202 L40.2418305,20.275202 L42.5442201,23.752002 L46.1855881,23.752002 L43.4586443,19.750402 C44.8792677,19.143602 45.810021,17.979202 45.810021,16.208002 L45.810021,16.175202 C45.810021,15.043602 45.4671119,14.174402 44.7976227,13.502002 C44.0301595,12.731202 42.8218132,12.272002 41.0746097,12.272002 L35.6697093,12.272002 L35.6697093,23.752002 Z M38.8375361,17.782402 L38.8375361,15.010802 L40.9276487,15.010802 C41.9727049,15.010802 42.6421941,15.470002 42.6421941,16.388402 L42.6421941,16.421202 C42.6421941,17.257602 42.005363,17.782402 40.9439777,17.782402 L38.8375361,17.782402 Z M55.2605317,23.752002 L58.4283585,23.752002 L58.4283585,15.060002 L61.8574495,15.060002 L61.8574495,12.272002 L51.8477698,12.272002 L51.8477698,15.060002 L55.2605317,15.060002 L55.2605317,23.752002 Z M74,24 C77.3137085,24 80,21.3137085 80,18 C80,14.6862915 77.3137085,12 74,12 C70.6862915,12 68,14.6862915 68,18 C68,21.3137085 70.6862915,24 74,24 Z" style="fill: #FFF;"></path>
              </g>
            </g>
          </g>
        </svg>
      </div>

      <nav class="as-toolbar__actions">
        <ul>
          <li class="as-toolbar__item">
            <a href="http://www.carto.com">Home</a>
          </li>
          <li class="as-toolbar__item">
            <a href="http://www.carto.com">About</a>
          </li>
          <li class="as-toolbar__item">
            <i class="as-icon-magnify as-subheader as-m--0"></i>
            <p class="as-toolbar__icon-text">Search</p>
          </li>
          <li class="as-toolbar__item">
            <i class="as-icon-info as-subheader as-m--0"></i>
            <p class="as-toolbar__icon-text">Help</p>
          </li>
          <li class="as-toolbar__item">
            <i class="as-icon-twitter as-subheader as-m--0"></i>
            <p class="as-toolbar__icon-text">Twitter</p>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </nav>
    </div>

    <div class="as-toolbar__item as-body">
      <i class="as-icon-settings as-subheader as-m--0"></i>
    </div>
  </header>

  <main class="as-app-content">
    <div class="as-map-wrapper">
      <div id="map"></div>
    </div>
  </main>
</body>
```

### Toolbar positioning

You can specify a different toolbar position with the `as-app--nav-{position}` modifiers, the available options are `left` and `right`. Add the class to the `as-app` element.

```html
noSource: true
---
<iframe src="/examples/layouts/toolbar/toolbar-left.html" style="width: 100%; height: 500px;">
```

### Toolbar Content

The toolbar will contain typically your logo and action items. To add an item, use the class
`as-toolbar__item`

#### Toolbar positioning

The toolbar has a default positioning behaviour of `flex` with `space-between`. That means:
- If the toolbar element has one child, it will be at the start.
- If the toolbar has two childs, they will be positioned in the extremes: the first at the left, the second at the right.
- If the toolbar has three children, they will layout at the left, center and right.

With that in mind, if you need to layout the items in different positions you can group them using the class
`as-toolbar__group`

In the code example below you can see it in action. `as-toolbar__group` is used to group the logo and some action to the left. (click on the <> to see the code)

```html
<header class="as-toolbar">
  <div class="as-toolbar__group">
    <div class="as-toolbar__item">
      <!-- HERE GOES YOUR LOGO -->
      <svg width="130px" height="36px" viewBox="0 0 92 36" version="1.1" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
        <g stroke="none" stroke-width="1" fill="none" fill-rule="evenodd">
          <g transform="translate(-162.000000, -282.000000)" fill="#FFFFFF">
            <g transform="translate(162.000000, 282.000000)">
              <path d="M74,36 C83.9411255,36 92,27.9411255 92,18 C92,8.0588745 83.9411255,0 74,0 C64.0588745,0 56,8.0588745 56,18 C56,27.9411255 64.0588745,36 74,36 Z" id="halo" fill-opacity="0.200000018" style="fill: #FFF;"></path>
              <path d="M6.25280899,23.981602 C8.76747566,23.981602 10.220757,22.882802 11.2984713,21.390402 L8.9144367,19.684802 C8.22861851,20.521202 7.52647133,21.078802 6.33445401,21.078802 C4.73421159,21.078802 3.60751029,19.734002 3.60751029,18.012002 L3.60751029,17.979202 C3.60751029,16.306402 4.73421159,14.928802 6.33445401,14.928802 C7.4284973,14.928802 8.1796315,15.470002 8.83279168,16.273602 L11.2168263,14.420402 C10.204428,13.026402 8.70215964,12.042402 6.36711202,12.042402 C2.9053631,12.042402 0.358038428,14.666402 0.358038428,18.012002 L0.358038428,18.044802 C0.358038428,21.472402 2.98700813,23.981602 6.25280899,23.981602 L6.25280899,23.981602 Z M16.732047,23.752002 L20.0468349,23.752002 L20.8632851,21.685602 L25.2884453,21.685602 L26.1048955,23.752002 L29.5013284,23.752002 L24.6352851,12.190002 L21.5817613,12.190002 L16.732047,23.752002 Z M21.7940384,19.209202 L23.0840297,15.962002 L24.357692,19.209202 L21.7940384,19.209202 Z M35.6697093,23.752002 L38.8375361,23.752002 L38.8375361,20.275202 L40.2418305,20.275202 L42.5442201,23.752002 L46.1855881,23.752002 L43.4586443,19.750402 C44.8792677,19.143602 45.810021,17.979202 45.810021,16.208002 L45.810021,16.175202 C45.810021,15.043602 45.4671119,14.174402 44.7976227,13.502002 C44.0301595,12.731202 42.8218132,12.272002 41.0746097,12.272002 L35.6697093,12.272002 L35.6697093,23.752002 Z M38.8375361,17.782402 L38.8375361,15.010802 L40.9276487,15.010802 C41.9727049,15.010802 42.6421941,15.470002 42.6421941,16.388402 L42.6421941,16.421202 C42.6421941,17.257602 42.005363,17.782402 40.9439777,17.782402 L38.8375361,17.782402 Z M55.2605317,23.752002 L58.4283585,23.752002 L58.4283585,15.060002 L61.8574495,15.060002 L61.8574495,12.272002 L51.8477698,12.272002 L51.8477698,15.060002 L55.2605317,15.060002 L55.2605317,23.752002 Z M74,24 C77.3137085,24 80,21.3137085 80,18 C80,14.6862915 77.3137085,12 74,12 C70.6862915,12 68,14.6862915 68,18 C68,21.3137085 70.6862915,24 74,24 Z" style="fill: #FFF;"></path>
            </g>
          </g>
        </g>
      </svg>
    </div>
    <li class="as-toolbar__item">
      <i class="as-icon-home as-subheader as-m--0"></i>
      <p class="as-toolbar__icon-text">Home</p>
    </li>
    <li class="as-toolbar__item">
      <i class="as-icon-magnify as-subheader as-m--0"></i>
      <p class="as-toolbar__icon-text">Search</p>
    </li>
  </div>
  <div class="as-toolbar__item as-body">
    <i class="as-icon-settings as-subheader as-m--0"></i>
  </div>
</header>
```

Now, the same example with the action items in the middle.

```html
<header class="as-toolbar">
  <div class="as-toolbar__item">
    <!-- HERE GOES YOUR LOGO -->
    <svg width="130px" height="36px" viewBox="0 0 92 36" version="1.1" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
      <g stroke="none" stroke-width="1" fill="none" fill-rule="evenodd">
        <g transform="translate(-162.000000, -282.000000)" fill="#FFFFFF">
          <g transform="translate(162.000000, 282.000000)">
            <path d="M74,36 C83.9411255,36 92,27.9411255 92,18 C92,8.0588745 83.9411255,0 74,0 C64.0588745,0 56,8.0588745 56,18 C56,27.9411255 64.0588745,36 74,36 Z" id="halo" fill-opacity="0.200000018" style="fill: #FFF;"></path>
            <path d="M6.25280899,23.981602 C8.76747566,23.981602 10.220757,22.882802 11.2984713,21.390402 L8.9144367,19.684802 C8.22861851,20.521202 7.52647133,21.078802 6.33445401,21.078802 C4.73421159,21.078802 3.60751029,19.734002 3.60751029,18.012002 L3.60751029,17.979202 C3.60751029,16.306402 4.73421159,14.928802 6.33445401,14.928802 C7.4284973,14.928802 8.1796315,15.470002 8.83279168,16.273602 L11.2168263,14.420402 C10.204428,13.026402 8.70215964,12.042402 6.36711202,12.042402 C2.9053631,12.042402 0.358038428,14.666402 0.358038428,18.012002 L0.358038428,18.044802 C0.358038428,21.472402 2.98700813,23.981602 6.25280899,23.981602 L6.25280899,23.981602 Z M16.732047,23.752002 L20.0468349,23.752002 L20.8632851,21.685602 L25.2884453,21.685602 L26.1048955,23.752002 L29.5013284,23.752002 L24.6352851,12.190002 L21.5817613,12.190002 L16.732047,23.752002 Z M21.7940384,19.209202 L23.0840297,15.962002 L24.357692,19.209202 L21.7940384,19.209202 Z M35.6697093,23.752002 L38.8375361,23.752002 L38.8375361,20.275202 L40.2418305,20.275202 L42.5442201,23.752002 L46.1855881,23.752002 L43.4586443,19.750402 C44.8792677,19.143602 45.810021,17.979202 45.810021,16.208002 L45.810021,16.175202 C45.810021,15.043602 45.4671119,14.174402 44.7976227,13.502002 C44.0301595,12.731202 42.8218132,12.272002 41.0746097,12.272002 L35.6697093,12.272002 L35.6697093,23.752002 Z M38.8375361,17.782402 L38.8375361,15.010802 L40.9276487,15.010802 C41.9727049,15.010802 42.6421941,15.470002 42.6421941,16.388402 L42.6421941,16.421202 C42.6421941,17.257602 42.005363,17.782402 40.9439777,17.782402 L38.8375361,17.782402 Z M55.2605317,23.752002 L58.4283585,23.752002 L58.4283585,15.060002 L61.8574495,15.060002 L61.8574495,12.272002 L51.8477698,12.272002 L51.8477698,15.060002 L55.2605317,15.060002 L55.2605317,23.752002 Z M74,24 C77.3137085,24 80,21.3137085 80,18 C80,14.6862915 77.3137085,12 74,12 C70.6862915,12 68,14.6862915 68,18 C68,21.3137085 70.6862915,24 74,24 Z" style="fill: #FFF;"></path>
          </g>
        </g>
      </g>
    </svg>
  </div>
  <div class="as-toolbar__group">
    <li class="as-toolbar__item">
      <i class="as-icon-home as-subheader as-m--0"></i>
      <p class="as-toolbar__icon-text">Home</p>
    </li>
    <li class="as-toolbar__item">
      <i class="as-icon-magnify as-subheader as-m--0"></i>
      <p class="as-toolbar__icon-text">Search</p>
    </li>
  </div>
  <div class="as-toolbar__item as-body">
    <i class="as-icon-settings as-subheader as-m--0"></i>
  </div>
</header>
```




### Toolbar Actions

Toolbar actions are the main toolbar's content, usually icons or links to another app section.
Actions are hidden by default on mobile devices and they are only visible when the `.as-toolbar-actions--visible` modifier class is present. This way you can have a contextual menu easily.

In order to fit the [W3C Accessibility guidelines](https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/menus/), we use an `ul` element to layout the menu elements without an specific order, containing `li` elements with a `as-toolbar__item` class.

```code
lang: html
---
<nav class="as-toolbar__actions">
  <ul>
    <li class="as-toolbar__item">
      <img src="https://material.io/tools/icons/static/icons/baseline-fingerprint-24px.svg" alt="Action 1">
      <p class="as-toolbar__icon-text">Action 1</p>
    </li>
    <li class="as-toolbar__item">
      <img src="https://material.io/tools/icons/static/icons/baseline-add_location-24px.svg" alt="Action 2">
      <p class="as-toolbar__icon-text">Action 2</p>
    </li>
  </ul>
</nav>
```

When seeing it in mobile, these actions are grouped in a hamburger menu. You will needing a button to show the menu.

```code
lang: html
---
<header class="as-toolbar">
  <button onclick="_toggleDrawer()" class="as-toolbar__item as-toolbar__toggle">
    <i class="as-icon-hamburguer as-title as-m--0"></i>
  </button>

  <div class="as-toolbar__item"> APP LOGO </div>

  <nav class="as-toolbar__actions">
    <ul>
      <li class="as-toolbar__item">
        <a href="http://www.google.es">SOME LINK</a>
      </li>
      <li class="as-toolbar__item">
        <img src="https://material.io/tools/icons/static/icons/baseline-add_location-24px.svg" alt="Action 2">
        <p class="as-toolbar__icon-text">Action 2</p>
      </li>
      <li class="as-toolbar__item">
        <img src="https://material.io/tools/icons/static/icons/baseline-account_circle-24px.svg" alt="Action 3">
        <p class="as-toolbar__icon-text">Action 3</p>
      </li>
      <li class="as-toolbar__item">
        <img src="https://material.io/tools/icons/static/icons/baseline-power_settings_new-24px.svg" alt="Action 4">
        <p class="as-toolbar__icon-text">Action 4</p>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </nav>
</header>

<script>
  function _toggleDrawer() {
    document.querySelector('.as-toolbar__actions').classList.toggle('as-toolbar__actions--visible');
  }
</script>
```

Commit message:

Add mention to .as-toolbar and tell about default toolbar position

packages/styles/src/core/layout/toolbar/README.md, after:

### Toolbar

Toolbar is a generic bar that can be used as a header to put your application logo and some options to navigate throughout your application.

On mobile devices, the toolbar is always placed on top, but its position can be modified on desktop by using `left` or `right` modifiers in `as-app` styles.
  - `as-app--nav-left`: Push the toolbar to the left of the viewport. Add it to the `as-app` element.
  - `as-app--nav-right`: Push the toolbar to the right of the viewport. Add it to the `as-app` element.

```html
noSource: true
responsive: true
---
<iframe src="/examples/layouts/toolbar/toolbar.html" style="width: 100%; height: 100%;">
```

```code
lang: html
---
<body class="as-app">
  <header class="as-toolbar">
    <button onclick="_toggleDrawer()" class="as-toolbar__item as-toolbar__toggle">
      <i class="as-icon-hamburguer as-title as-m--0"></i>
    </button>

    <div class="as-toolbar__group">
      <div class="as-toolbar__item">
        <svg width="130px" height="36px" viewBox="0 0 92 36" version="1.1" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
          <g stroke="none" stroke-width="1" fill="none" fill-rule="evenodd">
            <g transform="translate(-162.000000, -282.000000)" fill="#FFFFFF">
              <g transform="translate(162.000000, 282.000000)">
                <path d="M74,36 C83.9411255,36 92,27.9411255 92,18 C92,8.0588745 83.9411255,0 74,0 C64.0588745,0 56,8.0588745 56,18 C56,27.9411255 64.0588745,36 74,36 Z" id="halo" fill-opacity="0.200000018" style="fill: #FFF;"></path>
                <path d="M6.25280899,23.981602 C8.76747566,23.981602 10.220757,22.882802 11.2984713,21.390402 L8.9144367,19.684802 C8.22861851,20.521202 7.52647133,21.078802 6.33445401,21.078802 C4.73421159,21.078802 3.60751029,19.734002 3.60751029,18.012002 L3.60751029,17.979202 C3.60751029,16.306402 4.73421159,14.928802 6.33445401,14.928802 C7.4284973,14.928802 8.1796315,15.470002 8.83279168,16.273602 L11.2168263,14.420402 C10.204428,13.026402 8.70215964,12.042402 6.36711202,12.042402 C2.9053631,12.042402 0.358038428,14.666402 0.358038428,18.012002 L0.358038428,18.044802 C0.358038428,21.472402 2.98700813,23.981602 6.25280899,23.981602 L6.25280899,23.981602 Z M16.732047,23.752002 L20.0468349,23.752002 L20.8632851,21.685602 L25.2884453,21.685602 L26.1048955,23.752002 L29.5013284,23.752002 L24.6352851,12.190002 L21.5817613,12.190002 L16.732047,23.752002 Z M21.7940384,19.209202 L23.0840297,15.962002 L24.357692,19.209202 L21.7940384,19.209202 Z M35.6697093,23.752002 L38.8375361,23.752002 L38.8375361,20.275202 L40.2418305,20.275202 L42.5442201,23.752002 L46.1855881,23.752002 L43.4586443,19.750402 C44.8792677,19.143602 45.810021,17.979202 45.810021,16.208002 L45.810021,16.175202 C45.810021,15.043602 45.4671119,14.174402 44.7976227,13.502002 C44.0301595,12.731202 42.8218132,12.272002 41.0746097,12.272002 L35.6697093,12.272002 L35.6697093,23.752002 Z M38.8375361,17.782402 L38.8375361,15.010802 L40.9276487,15.010802 C41.9727049,15.010802 42.6421941,15.470002 42.6421941,16.388402 L42.6421941,16.421202 C42.6421941,17.257602 42.005363,17.782402 40.9439777,17.782402 L38.8375361,17.782402 Z M55.2605317,23.752002 L58.4283585,23.752002 L58.4283585,15.060002 L61.8574495,15.060002 L61.8574495,12.272002 L51.8477698,12.272002 L51.8477698,15.060002 L55.2605317,15.060002 L55.2605317,23.752002 Z M74,24 C77.3137085,24 80,21.3137085 80,18 C80,14.6862915 77.3137085,12 74,12 C70.6862915,12 68,14.6862915 68,18 C68,21.3137085 70.6862915,24 74,24 Z" style="fill: #FFF;"></path>
              </g>
            </g>
          </g>
        </svg>
      </div>

      <nav class="as-toolbar__actions">
        <ul>
          <li class="as-toolbar__item">
            <a href="http://www.carto.com">Home</a>
          </li>
          <li class="as-toolbar__item">
            <a href="http://www.carto.com">About</a>
          </li>
          <li class="as-toolbar__item">
            <i class="as-icon-magnify as-subheader as-m--0"></i>
            <p class="as-toolbar__icon-text">Search</p>
          </li>
          <li class="as-toolbar__item">
            <i class="as-icon-info as-subheader as-m--0"></i>
            <p class="as-toolbar__icon-text">Help</p>
          </li>
          <li class="as-toolbar__item">
            <i class="as-icon-twitter as-subheader as-m--0"></i>
            <p class="as-toolbar__icon-text">Twitter</p>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </nav>
    </div>

    <div class="as-toolbar__item as-body">
      <i class="as-icon-settings as-subheader as-m--0"></i>
    </div>
  </header>

  <main class="as-app-content">
    <div class="as-map-wrapper">
      <div id="map"></div>
    </div>
  </main>
</body>
```

### Toolbar positioning
Toolbar is positioned to the top of the page by default.

You can specify a different toolbar position with the `as-app--nav-{position}` modifiers, the available options are `left` and `right`. Add the class to the `as-app` element.

```html
noSource: true
---
<iframe src="/examples/layouts/toolbar/toolbar-left.html" style="width: 100%; height: 500px;">
```

### Toolbar Content

The toolbar will typically contain your logo and action items. All the elements inside the toolbar need to be within any element with `.as-toolbar` class, as you can see in the example above.

To add an item to the toolbar, use `as-toolbar__item` class.

#### Toolbar positioning

The toolbar has a default positioning behaviour of `flex` with `space-between`. That means:
- If the toolbar element has one child, it will be at the start.
- If the toolbar has two childs, they will be positioned in the extremes: the first at the left, the second at the right.
- If the toolbar has three children, they will layout at the left, center and right.

With that in mind, if you need to layout the items in different positions you can group them using the class
`as-toolbar__group`

In the code example below you can see it in action. `as-toolbar__group` is used to group the logo and some action to the left. (click on the <> to see the code)

```html
<header class="as-toolbar">
  <div class="as-toolbar__group">
    <div class="as-toolbar__item">
      <!-- HERE GOES YOUR LOGO -->
      <svg width="130px" height="36px" viewBox="0 0 92 36" version="1.1" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
        <g stroke="none" stroke-width="1" fill="none" fill-rule="evenodd">
          <g transform="translate(-162.000000, -282.000000)" fill="#FFFFFF">
            <g transform="translate(162.000000, 282.000000)">
              <path d="M74,36 C83.9411255,36 92,27.9411255 92,18 C92,8.0588745 83.9411255,0 74,0 C64.0588745,0 56,8.0588745 56,18 C56,27.9411255 64.0588745,36 74,36 Z" id="halo" fill-opacity="0.200000018" style="fill: #FFF;"></path>
              <path d="M6.25280899,23.981602 C8.76747566,23.981602 10.220757,22.882802 11.2984713,21.390402 L8.9144367,19.684802 C8.22861851,20.521202 7.52647133,21.078802 6.33445401,21.078802 C4.73421159,21.078802 3.60751029,19.734002 3.60751029,18.012002 L3.60751029,17.979202 C3.60751029,16.306402 4.73421159,14.928802 6.33445401,14.928802 C7.4284973,14.928802 8.1796315,15.470002 8.83279168,16.273602 L11.2168263,14.420402 C10.204428,13.026402 8.70215964,12.042402 6.36711202,12.042402 C2.9053631,12.042402 0.358038428,14.666402 0.358038428,18.012002 L0.358038428,18.044802 C0.358038428,21.472402 2.98700813,23.981602 6.25280899,23.981602 L6.25280899,23.981602 Z M16.732047,23.752002 L20.0468349,23.752002 L20.8632851,21.685602 L25.2884453,21.685602 L26.1048955,23.752002 L29.5013284,23.752002 L24.6352851,12.190002 L21.5817613,12.190002 L16.732047,23.752002 Z M21.7940384,19.209202 L23.0840297,15.962002 L24.357692,19.209202 L21.7940384,19.209202 Z M35.6697093,23.752002 L38.8375361,23.752002 L38.8375361,20.275202 L40.2418305,20.275202 L42.5442201,23.752002 L46.1855881,23.752002 L43.4586443,19.750402 C44.8792677,19.143602 45.810021,17.979202 45.810021,16.208002 L45.810021,16.175202 C45.810021,15.043602 45.4671119,14.174402 44.7976227,13.502002 C44.0301595,12.731202 42.8218132,12.272002 41.0746097,12.272002 L35.6697093,12.272002 L35.6697093,23.752002 Z M38.8375361,17.782402 L38.8375361,15.010802 L40.9276487,15.010802 C41.9727049,15.010802 42.6421941,15.470002 42.6421941,16.388402 L42.6421941,16.421202 C42.6421941,17.257602 42.005363,17.782402 40.9439777,17.782402 L38.8375361,17.782402 Z M55.2605317,23.752002 L58.4283585,23.752002 L58.4283585,15.060002 L61.8574495,15.060002 L61.8574495,12.272002 L51.8477698,12.272002 L51.8477698,15.060002 L55.2605317,15.060002 L55.2605317,23.752002 Z M74,24 C77.3137085,24 80,21.3137085 80,18 C80,14.6862915 77.3137085,12 74,12 C70.6862915,12 68,14.6862915 68,18 C68,21.3137085 70.6862915,24 74,24 Z" style="fill: #FFF;"></path>
            </g>
          </g>
        </g>
      </svg>
    </div>
    <li class="as-toolbar__item">
      <i class="as-icon-home as-subheader as-m--0"></i>
      <p class="as-toolbar__icon-text">Home</p>
    </li>
    <li class="as-toolbar__item">
      <i class="as-icon-magnify as-subheader as-m--0"></i>
      <p class="as-toolbar__icon-text">Search</p>
    </li>
  </div>
  <div class="as-toolbar__item as-body">
    <i class="as-icon-settings as-subheader as-m--0"></i>
  </div>
</header>
```

Now, the same example with the action items in the middle.

```html
<header class="as-toolbar">
  <div class="as-toolbar__item">
    <!-- HERE GOES YOUR LOGO -->
    <svg width="130px" height="36px" viewBox="0 0 92 36" version="1.1" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
      <g stroke="none" stroke-width="1" fill="none" fill-rule="evenodd">
        <g transform="translate(-162.000000, -282.000000)" fill="#FFFFFF">
          <g transform="translate(162.000000, 282.000000)">
            <path d="M74,36 C83.9411255,36 92,27.9411255 92,18 C92,8.0588745 83.9411255,0 74,0 C64.0588745,0 56,8.0588745 56,18 C56,27.9411255 64.0588745,36 74,36 Z" id="halo" fill-opacity="0.200000018" style="fill: #FFF;"></path>
            <path d="M6.25280899,23.981602 C8.76747566,23.981602 10.220757,22.882802 11.2984713,21.390402 L8.9144367,19.684802 C8.22861851,20.521202 7.52647133,21.078802 6.33445401,21.078802 C4.73421159,21.078802 3.60751029,19.734002 3.60751029,18.012002 L3.60751029,17.979202 C3.60751029,16.306402 4.73421159,14.928802 6.33445401,14.928802 C7.4284973,14.928802 8.1796315,15.470002 8.83279168,16.273602 L11.2168263,14.420402 C10.204428,13.026402 8.70215964,12.042402 6.36711202,12.042402 C2.9053631,12.042402 0.358038428,14.666402 0.358038428,18.012002 L0.358038428,18.044802 C0.358038428,21.472402 2.98700813,23.981602 6.25280899,23.981602 L6.25280899,23.981602 Z M16.732047,23.752002 L20.0468349,23.752002 L20.8632851,21.685602 L25.2884453,21.685602 L26.1048955,23.752002 L29.5013284,23.752002 L24.6352851,12.190002 L21.5817613,12.190002 L16.732047,23.752002 Z M21.7940384,19.209202 L23.0840297,15.962002 L24.357692,19.209202 L21.7940384,19.209202 Z M35.6697093,23.752002 L38.8375361,23.752002 L38.8375361,20.275202 L40.2418305,20.275202 L42.5442201,23.752002 L46.1855881,23.752002 L43.4586443,19.750402 C44.8792677,19.143602 45.810021,17.979202 45.810021,16.208002 L45.810021,16.175202 C45.810021,15.043602 45.4671119,14.174402 44.7976227,13.502002 C44.0301595,12.731202 42.8218132,12.272002 41.0746097,12.272002 L35.6697093,12.272002 L35.6697093,23.752002 Z M38.8375361,17.782402 L38.8375361,15.010802 L40.9276487,15.010802 C41.9727049,15.010802 42.6421941,15.470002 42.6421941,16.388402 L42.6421941,16.421202 C42.6421941,17.257602 42.005363,17.782402 40.9439777,17.782402 L38.8375361,17.782402 Z M55.2605317,23.752002 L58.4283585,23.752002 L58.4283585,15.060002 L61.8574495,15.060002 L61.8574495,12.272002 L51.8477698,12.272002 L51.8477698,15.060002 L55.2605317,15.060002 L55.2605317,23.752002 Z M74,24 C77.3137085,24 80,21.3137085 80,18 C80,14.6862915 77.3137085,12 74,12 C70.6862915,12 68,14.6862915 68,18 C68,21.3137085 70.6862915,24 74,24 Z" style="fill: #FFF;"></path>
          </g>
        </g>
      </g>
    </svg>
  </div>
  <div class="as-toolbar__group">
    <li class="as-toolbar__item">
      <i class="as-icon-home as-subheader as-m--0"></i>
      <p class="as-toolbar__icon-text">Home</p>
    </li>
    <li class="as-toolbar__item">
      <i class="as-icon-magnify as-subheader as-m--0"></i>
      <p class="as-toolbar__icon-text">Search</p>
    </li>
  </div>
  <div class="as-toolbar__item as-body">
    <i class="as-icon-settings as-subheader as-m--0"></i>
  </div>
</header>
```




### Toolbar Actions

Toolbar actions are the main toolbar's content, usually icons or links to another app section.
Actions are hidden by default on mobile devices and they are only visible when the `.as-toolbar-actions--visible` modifier class is present. This way you can have a contextual menu easily.

In order to fit the [W3C Accessibility guidelines](https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/menus/), we use an `ul` element to layout the menu elements without an specific order, containing `li` elements with a `as-toolbar__item` class.

```code
lang: html
---
<nav class="as-toolbar__actions">
  <ul>
    <li class="as-toolbar__item">
      <img src="https://material.io/tools/icons/static/icons/baseline-fingerprint-24px.svg" alt="Action 1">
      <p class="as-toolbar__icon-text">Action 1</p>
    </li>
    <li class="as-toolbar__item">
      <img src="https://material.io/tools/icons/static/icons/baseline-add_location-24px.svg" alt="Action 2">
      <p class="as-toolbar__icon-text">Action 2</p>
    </li>
  </ul>
</nav>
```

When seeing it in mobile, these actions are grouped in a hamburger menu. You will needing a button to show the menu.

```code
lang: html
---
<header class="as-toolbar">
  <button onclick="_toggleDrawer()" class="as-toolbar__item as-toolbar__toggle">
    <i class="as-icon-hamburguer as-title as-m--0"></i>
  </button>

  <div class="as-toolbar__item"> APP LOGO </div>

  <nav class="as-toolbar__actions">
    <ul>
      <li class="as-toolbar__item">
        <a href="http://www.google.es">SOME LINK</a>
      </li>
      <li class="as-toolbar__item">
        <img src="https://material.io/tools/icons/static/icons/baseline-add_location-24px.svg" alt="Action 2">
        <p class="as-toolbar__icon-text">Action 2</p>
      </li>
      <li class="as-toolbar__item">
        <img src="https://material.io/tools/icons/static/icons/baseline-account_circle-24px.svg" alt="Action 3">
        <p class="as-toolbar__icon-text">Action 3</p>
      </li>
      <li class="as-toolbar__item">
        <img src="https://material.io/tools/icons/static/icons/baseline-power_settings_new-24px.svg" alt="Action 4">
        <p class="as-toolbar__icon-text">Action 4</p>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </nav>
</header>

<script>
  function _toggleDrawer() {
    document.querySelector('.as-toolbar__actions').classList.toggle('as-toolbar__actions--visible');
  }
</script>
```
